now I think we should have put you first
what is self-realization and how do you
grant it
a sensitization
is the epitome of our evolutionary
process which is a living process
through which you achieve your higher
self even Darwin who was an atheist did
say that as human beings have come so
far they will achieve their absolutely
so to achieve your absolutely success
the purpose of her life the meaning of
her life
is only achieved when we get connected
with the divine power which is
all-pervading now one need not believe
in the divine power but you can see the
manifestation of this living divine
power when you see a flower becoming a
fruit all living work is done by this
divine power but we are not aware at
this human stage we are not aware of it
but once this happening takes place in
your awareness it's not just a listing
that you become something greater on on
mental level but actualization of this
experience is felt in your awareness on
your central nervous system you can feel
that you have to come again I say you
have become not old or brainwashed but
you have become collectively conscious
is a state where you can feel yourself
inside and other student now the
knowledge of this is the knowledge of
the roots whatever we have achieved is
the lawn of the tree but in the tree our
grows itself from its root then it made
our so it is time that we should find
out about the roots and to know about
that you have to become a setter at this
human awareness you cannot but sometimes
it challenges the evolve people you
think why not I am such as such what
should I know but you cannot as you have
to have a microscope to see things
deeply in the same way you have to have
this new awareness within this dynamic
awareness of course the nature of self
is that it is collectively conscious
that it is the source of peace and bliss
that it is the truth and love just the
nature and you become that you become
it's not only mental but you really
become because whatever is mental is
artificial and yes the unconscious
becomes conscious means it comes into
your central nervous system it is within
you everyone I said if Christ has said
it mama that's any Buddha has said it
Barrera has said it everyone has said
the same thing but now say then say same
system everything has said that you are
to be born again there has to be some
transformation they didn't tell us lies
but the trouble is people can use this
for their own purpose and mislead others
that's a different point but logically
the disciples of the Seekers also must
know that you must feel your own powers
you must feel yourself otherwise what's
the use of just following somebody when
you achieve nothing of your own what did
you achieve is the main point decency
and had
this self-realization on mass yes
that's the only thing is new today is
that it can be done on mass level that's
why in India it is called as Mahayana
formerly it was done from one or two
days but now on very masterly we had
once they were there six thousand people
in a village contribution all of them
were trained us in India is very easy
because they are not so complicated but
Indians take it for granted they know
what sahaja yoga means they know what
realization is I mean they are trained
than me
or I should say they have conditioned
entry that they understand it faster but
when the Western people get it they are
sometimes difficult but once they get it
they are very deep and they think this
is the solution the only solution will
all the calamity so they work it out
very seriously we do that mean
very beautiful realization to waste
I used to think so but the other day in
Adelaide I was amazed that they got it
without anything so many of them there
must be about 300 people at work it was
all facts when they all caught it so all
my ideas about that also are now
changing that suddenly I am meeting the
right type of increment
have you do it how do I do it
audacity spontaneous a see if you put it
in the mother earth it sprouts by itself
you cannot say how we do but because you
are just ready for it's like one
enlightened light can enlighten another
life even if you put your hands towards
me like this and then you can give it to
others once you get it you can give it
due respect we get a lot of based
business to Australia you know with
different brand or different types of
religion see you must use your base for
everything God has given you a very
detailed and not and logically you must
be proper confusion about your
realization first of all you must surely
find out whether you want your
realization or not because if some
people want to fly in the air then I
can't leave that which some people want
to have diamonds that I can do some sort
of funny miracles that they do all these
tricks so here to be honest first of all
about secondly you must know that this
Islam of God and you cannot sell it in
the water it's not purchasing
that's one of a very important one
children because they pamper your ego in
a way that you are purchasing your goal
is that he's in your pocket but you
cannot pocket the GUI GUI has to be
higher than then you have to find out
lifestyle of such a way how we see how
he lives
is he an honest man is he a righteous
person or easy you must find out the
credibility of such a person apart from
that we must find out the credibility of
the followers what are they doing there
are so many gurus who have got followers
for 18 years 16 years and their ecliptic
if the Guru can't even look after their
hair then what sense of having such a
guru for yourself but human beings are
very competitive in certain things it's
not very very very quantitative
amusingly like they see a conscience
coming out of the pub following in their
letters and they intervene to the same
sort of things it's sort of a
competition that they did not identify
this man has gone to this google argue
it's a factor little talk who is your
woman or the other self this is my gurus
we didn't defend that sense professor
yes what I'm saying this is a special
time a time of your resurrect the time
of your judgement
so there is a need there is a need but
people are so vulnerable and so naive I
would say very nice not to understand
who is right and who is wrong it's very
simple we will come out of the jail wear
a funny dress and go to America sit in a
square I start singing something
phonetic everybody talking
very great moreover the kind of fire you
figure too complex I think people have
who are householders they think they are
very selfish they are aiming their
children and their housing it is not it
is one of the greatest job is to be
properly married and to have nice
children but if you see somebody wearing
that dress he has given up everything in
the world you see you feel so enamored
its superficially you cannot judge it
you believe that you're the only true
guru and other other organizations who
offer in life don't want to come down
they don't want to fix it be I sent one
fellow degree of persuasion to America I
ran away being three things from there
he said they can't understand their
other way around people they can't
understand God they understand dollars
so there are many and they recognized me
that's why when they say that she's they
what did you say later Saint or anything
you got said by these fools only have
ruled that practice meditation in a very
simplified form when you feel this cool
vibration on your hand and above your
head and over your body you know that
you're in meditation that's it that's it
you do any silver sounds and not as many
just a few if you've got a specific
problem you see depends on its what
sentence when you have a problem say for
example you were talking in your stomach
now you have to do certain exercise for
that first short time till you get rid
of it or maybe that if you have to say
certain mantras for any to excite or to
awaken that part given you in true
liveliness that's how it is very
scientific but gradually you know it so
easy becomes the more thing becomes so
easy
because when you are expanding towards
the felt very very the whole thing
becomes complex but when you integrate
towards decision then everything is very
simple you have to be with simple
principles and once you know how to
manage that for example balance balance
in a person is really balanced in a
person is not dealt with in say in
medical science why do we have one
medical scientific am psychologist yeah
they said that you have one doctor for
one ionizer dr. Onodera here is one
person who is the one who your see the
diagnosis you he gives you realization
is everything the laboratory the
complete instrument it's you will get in
this muted by God within you you to feel
it's all there just to be connected to
the mains that's all
it's already there I mean nothing
fantastic for me because I know it is
there but once you get it you are amazed
how you have started working it out
because
when did you know that you had been born
with you see it is like if I asked a
question when you rediscover you are a
human being you won't be able to say
it's simple as that
see Emma's fight aware of it well you
say self rearming I know I'm a human
being I mean what do you mean by self
it's a higher level of awareness than
human awareness you're not using your
thinking brain you're not using your
emotional brain you're using what is
basically the all-pervading power of God
the unconscious about which one is
deflected with a young spoke about you
as Kundalini because in Sanskrit
language it is called as Kundalini but
this also work is so terrifying to
people those who are great about
Kundalini they get up right she's your
mother
the one who has to give you the rebirth
now there are people who are between so
many such big books without knowing
where the Kundalini la right the magic
absolutely wait now you can see it in
some people position of the pavilion we
have got also on videotape some of these
instruments so when some people where
there was obstruction the pulsation the
pulsation you can see sometimes this
triangular bone sacrum just pulsating
but imagine this thing was called as
sacrum means cyclic and I asked the
Greek people I said why did you call it
signal as if we had 34 with me
windows Arion group much before
Alexander went to India and they told us
that this boat is the separate